# CodeRefinery meeting template (draft)

:::info
- **Date:** 2021-MM-DD
- **Chair:** (initials)
- **Minutes taker:** (initials)
:::
We are drafting this ...


## Next meeting

- 2021-MM-DD, time, where  


## About this document

- Visibility: 
    - We write so that it can become public.  
    - Everybody who has the link during the meeting can edit.  
    - The minutes taker is responsible to record, but s/he may assign other participants to write down as well.  
    - The minutes need to be reviewed and approved by the end of the meeting. 
- All paid staff is invited to this meeting and expected to attend (unless vacation, sick leave, scheduling conflict).
- No copying of items or entire documents.
- Newest items on top in each category.
- 2-3 assigned chairs instead of entire-team-rotation.
- Chair assigns the task to document conclusions for each item before moving on to next.
- Syncing with GitHub: either we save one file per meeting or one commit per meeting.


## Tasks (in progress or unassigned)

- [ ] [name] Some assigned task
- [ ] [?] Some unassigned task


## Decisions

- 2021-06-22: An example decision in one-two sentences and possibly link to more context.


## Discussion items

Each new discussion item gets a number. It is OK that the same item may be discussed in several meetings.

- 2021-MM-DD:
  - 2021-2 Another item but this one is concluded
  - 2021-1 One item you would like to discuss


## Information

- Information items go here, newest on top.
- Another example information item.


## Done tasks

- [x] Example task that is done